The ability to understand Language 
The ability to ask
The ability to learn the meaning of "situational

"My Approach"

The Human Brain functions as a machine ... so its not that hard to make a human like AI
Our approach was a bit complicating the actual reality of the project
Start off with:
      First things first: a main foundation for the Whole AI to start with ... Neural network 
      I got a general Idea about how neural networks work 
              The main input - Hidden portion of the Process - the the output
                The main input will be usually ( Talking about the end-project state )
                        Visual : Camera 
                        Audio  : Mic
                        System : If the AI will be running on a PC or any other platform then it ll be monitoring the action of the user
                The Hidden Part will be most likely the processing part (So far no emotions included ) It ll be Logical thinking based on 
                initial data ... aka the dictionnary and the main Lines or rules that were programmed initially
                
                When it comes to the emotion part and giving opinion .... it will be most likely necessary to program a preimptive
                personality .... But that is Variably and changeable By the AI
                
                /* Also there was this concept that i was thinking of ... about adding a Stamina variable in the mix .... cuz the human 
                limits are usually becuz of his stamina ... so tell me what u think about that */
                
                
                And the output will be in an Audio/visual form ..... if on a screen it ll be animation with voice .... If on a robot 
                it ll be a mouvement with a sound
                
                /* I found that china develloped a robot able to express facial expressions .... so it can include that at later stages
                #DreamBig  */
                
                
Right now ... i am planning on learning C language ... i ll check python after .... i am also reading about the neural networks Soo 
.. just trying to catch up to u !

After Some thinking ... the AI has to express only emotions ... thats the main goal ... the illogical thinking that i was thinking
Seems a bit absurd now .... cuz these are exceptions that even humans dunno what to do!!

About the free will .... I think what i said above concludes it .... if not ... then humans do not have free will .... Becuz ....
usually when u have a choice .... u go for the logical one ... if u go for the other .... thats not free will thats stupidity.

That concludes My report for now.

/* This was my conclusion for the End-Project Product ... i ll start giving more details about my approach after aquiring
enough knowledge about the Field to do so */
