After a bit of thinking ... i got to the next ideas
      the AI developpement will be separated to lie 3 or 4 min develloppement Sections if u want to call it that
      
      First things First
            the main body of the AI ( without any feelings or anything )
            and its main funcltion will be as follow: (think of it as a general algorythme )
                  Main1:
                        The goal/the purpose is to understand (only) what is input in it 
                        no reaction is needed in this part 
                        this part will be separated into 2 parts
                                first is voice recognition (if its voice .... which is probably )
                                and that is like the object of ur final pproject so we probably going to start with that
                                
                                the second thing will be the parsing part 
                                Getting to cut the sentence to understand its meaning 
                                (which probably includes integrating a dictionnary ... or many inside the project )
                                
                        The second Big part of this first step .... is to decide mainly what are the main purposes of the AI
                        that will allow us to limit the number of words that need to be connected directly to a command 
                        you know ... Considering verbs as actions .... which leads to a more human like aspect of the artificial 
                        intelligence
                   
                   Main2:
                        The goal of this part to define the Type and the mean of answer for the AI
                        its can be in different types .... for now mostly voice-based or graphicaly based
                                
                                The first one Includes A text to speech ability .... kind of 
                                if i am not mistaken ... the answers for the AI will be in a written way ( programming wise )
                                talking here about an action like answering a question or asking one
                                or asking / giving opinion
                                
                                The second one is like and end-project type which is graphical ... and it will include animating
                                but at that point the rest is easy .... its just linking an animated action to a command
                                
                                The third Part is the main Aspect and the hardest one so far .... its giving the AI the acces to use
                                the hardware ... giving it the permissions to search / create / delete / ..... 
                                litterally the Exploitation system part of the AI
                                The right to manage Applications
                                
                   
                   Correct me if i am wrong ... but i think that it for the base fundamentals for having A System (not AI yet)
                   
                   Main3:
                        The neural network .... giving the AI the thirst for knowledge and including the deep learning capabilities
                        in it (We wont repeat this ... there is another part talking about this)
                        
                   At this point you have A proper normal AI
                   
                   (Like i said ... this is still just setting the purpose .... the first part of creating an algorythme )
                   
                   
                   The emotion part is a bit complicated to create an algorythme for it ... i am still working on it
                   Look forward for this
                   
                   And btw .... We will start with The parser / voice recognition thing
                   And when u present ur project ... give me credits xD
